Docs improvements (#138)
roadrunner-server/roadrunner-docs: docs/en/lab/otel.md

# Observability — OpenTelemetry

> RoadRunner offers otel (OpenTelemetry) plugin, which provides a unified standard for tracing, logging, and metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RoadRunner offers OTEL (OpenTelemetry) plugin, which provides a unified standard for tracing, logging, and metrics
```

| **compress**        | a boolean that determines whether to use gzip to compress the spans. The default value is `false`.                                                                                                                                              |
| **exporter**        | a string that provides functionality to emit telemetry to consumers. Possible values are `otlp` (used for New Relic, Datadog), `zipkin`, `stdout`, `jaeger`, or `jaeger_agent` to use a Jaeger agent UDP endpoint. The default value is `otlp`. |
| **custom_url**      | a string that is used for the http client to override the default URL. The default value is `empty`.                                                                                                                                            |
| **client**          | a string that determines the client to send the spans. Possible values are http and grpc. The default value is `http`.                                                                                                                          |

> | **endpoint**        | a string that specifies the consumer's endpoint. The default value is `localhost:4318`.                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **endpoint**        | a string that specifies the consumer's endpoint. The default value is `127.0.0.1:4318`.                                                                                                                                                         |
```
